Migration and Support Timetable (#1036)
fluxcd/flux2: docs/migration/timetable.md

| TBD | ^^Migration and security support only^^<br><ul><li>Flux 1 releases only include security patches (no bug fixes)</li><li>Maintainers support users with migration to Flux 2 only, no longer with Flux 1 issues</li><li>Flux 1 archive date announced</li></ul> | ^^Public release (GA), Production Ready^^<br><ul><li>CLI commits to backwards compatibility moving forward</li><li>CLI follows kubectl style backwards compatibility support: +1 -1 MINOR version for server components (e.g., APIs, Controllers, validation webhooks)</li></ul> | ^^All Beta, Production Ready^^ |
| TBD | ^^Archived^^<br><ul><li>Flux 1 obsolete, no further releases or maintainer support</li><li>Flux 1 repo archived</li></ul> | ^^Continued active development^^ | ^^Continued active development^^ |

[^1]: GOTK is shorthand for the [GitOps Toolkit](https://toolkit.fluxcd.io/components/) APIs and Controllers

[^2]: Versioning: Flux 2 is a multi-service architecture, so requires a more complex explanation than Flux 1:
     - Flux 2 CLI follows [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) scheme

>      - Flux 2 SDK follows the [Kubernetes API versioning](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/#api-versioning) pattern. See [Roadmap](https://toolkit.fluxcd.io/roadmap/) for component versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The GitOps Toolkit APIs follow the [Kubernetes API versioning](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/#api-versioning) pattern. See [Roadmap](https://toolkit.fluxcd.io/roadmap/) for component versions.
```

>      - These are coordinated for cross-compatibility: For each Flux 2 CLI tag, CLI and SDK versions are end-to-end tested together, so you may safely upgrade from one MINOR/PATCH version to another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - These are coordinated for cross-compatibility: For each Flux 2 CLI tag, CLI and GOTK versions are end-to-end tested together, so you may safely upgrade from one MINOR/PATCH version to another.
```

> [^3]: The Flux 2 Custom Resource Definitions which are at `v1beta1` and `v2beta1` and their controllers are considered stable and production ready. Going forward, breaking changes to the beta CRDs will be accompanied by a conversion mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^3]: The GOTK Custom Resource Definitions which are at `v1beta1` and `v2beta1` and their controllers are considered stable and production ready. Going forward, breaking changes to the beta CRDs will be accompanied by a conversion mechanism.
```

# Migration and Support Timetable

!!! heart "Flux Migration Commitment"
    This public timetable clarifies our commitment to end users.
    Its purpose is to help improve your experience in deciding how and when to plan infra decisions related to Flux versions.
    Please refer to the [Roadmap](../roadmap/index.md) for additional details.

<!-- Requires mkdocs markdown_extensions footnotes and pymdownx.caret -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable-file MD033 -->

> | Date | Flux 1 | Flux 2 CLI | Flux 2 SDK[^1] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Date | Flux 1 | Flux 2 CLI | GOTK[^1] |
```

| TBD | ^^Migration and security support only^^<br><ul><li>Flux 1 releases only include security patches (no bug fixes)</li><li>Maintainers support users with migration to Flux 2 only, no longer with Flux 1 issues</li><li>Flux 1 archive date announced</li></ul> | ^^Public release (GA), Production Ready^^<br><ul><li>CLI commits to backwards compatibility moving forward</li><li>CLI follows kubectl style backwards compatibility support: +1 -1 MINOR version for server components (e.g., APIs, Controllers, validation webhooks)</li></ul> | ^^All Beta, Production Ready^^ |
| TBD | ^^Archived^^<br><ul><li>Flux 1 obsolete, no further releases or maintainer support</li><li>Flux 1 repo archived</li></ul> | ^^Continued active development^^ | ^^Continued active development^^ |

> [^1]: Flux 2 "SDK" is shorthand for the APIs and Controllers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: GOTK is shorthand for the [GitOps Toolkit](https://toolkit.fluxcd.io/components/) APIs and Controllers
```

<!-- ⚠️ WIP. To-do: Stefan to check the garbage collection code -->

> [^2]: Flux 1 relies on [apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1 CustomResourceDefinition](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apiextensions-apiserver/pkg/apis/apiextensions/v1beta1#CustomResourceDefinition), which was deprecated in Kubernetes `v1.16`, and planned for removal in `v1.22`. Therefore Flux 1 may no longer work on clusters >= `v1.22`.

Reviewer: Please remove this, Flux1 will work fine with Kubernetes 1.22 see https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/3439

Author: ✅
